---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zerotier_network Resource - terraform-provider-zerotier"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Network provider for ZeroTier, allows you to create ZeroTier networks.
---

# zerotier_network (Resource)

Network provider for ZeroTier, allows you to create ZeroTier networks.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "zerotier_network" "my_network" {
  name        = "<required>"
  description = "Managed by Terraform"

  assign_ipv4 {
    zerotier = true
  }

  assign_ipv6 {
    zerotier = true
    sixplane = false
    rfc4193  = false
  }

  enable_broadcast = true
  private          = false
  flow_rules       = "accept;"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `assign_ipv4` (Block Set) IPv4 Assignment RuleSets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assign_ipv4))
- `assign_ipv6` (Block Set) IPv6 Assignment RuleSets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assign_ipv6))
- `assignment_pool` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assignment_pool))
- `description` (String) The description of the network
- `dns` (Block Set) DNS settings for network members (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dns))
- `enable_broadcast` (Boolean) Enable broadcast packets on the network
- `flow_rules` (String) The layer 2 flow rules to apply to packets traveling across this network. Please see https://www.zerotier.com/manual/#3_4_1 for more information.
- `id` (String) ZeroTier's internal network identifier, aka NetworkID
- `multicast_limit` (Number) Maximum number of recipients per multicast or broadcast. Warning - Setting this to 0 will disable IPv4 communication on your network!
- `name` (String) The name of the network
- `private` (Boolean) Whether or not the network is private.  If false, members will *NOT* need to be authorized to join.
- `route` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--route))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (Number) The time at which this network was created, in epoch seconds

<a id="nestedblock--assign_ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assign_ipv4`

Optional:

- `zerotier` (Boolean) Use zerotier ipv4 addressing


<a id="nestedblock--assign_ipv6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assign_ipv6`

Optional:

- `rfc4193` (Boolean) RFC4193 addressing method
- `sixplane` (Boolean) 6PLANE addressing method
- `zerotier` (Boolean) Use zerotier ipv6 manual addressing


<a id="nestedblock--assignment_pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignment_pool`

Optional:

- `end` (String) The last address in the assignment rule. This must be the highest number in the pool. end must also be accompanied by start.
- `start` (String) The first address in the assignment rule. This must be the lowest number in the pool. `start` must also be accompanied by `end`.


<a id="nestedblock--dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns`

Required:

- `domain` (String) Domain suffix for DNS searches
- `servers` (List of String) Nameservers to send DNS requests to


<a id="nestedblock--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Required:

- `target` (String) Network to route for

Optional:

- `via` (String) Gateway address

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import zerotier_network.network 8056c2e21c1930be
```
